detective recap here today i'm going to
explain a thriller film called panic
rome
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
walking along the streets of the upper
west side of manhattan
sharply dressed meg altman and realtor
lydia lynch lydia pressures meg to be
hasty with her purchase with claims of
the home being gone soon in the market
being tight
meg gently chides her young daughter
sarah for riding her scooter down the
street
but sarah dismisses her upon arriving at
the property they're greeted by a snide
remark from the tour evan
who disapproves of lydia's tardiness the
forehead inside and evan starts giving
them an eloquent run down of the
property
with how spacious and beautifully
designed the home is meg marvels at it
evan proceeds to showcase the working
elevator then heads upstairs to tour the
rest of the place
while surveying the third floor meg gets
asked what she does
she explains that she'll be going back
to school in colombia and lydia supplies
that her husband is in pharmaceuticals
evan comments that he didn't realize she
was stephen altman's wife and meg
politely tells him that she was until
recently
before any awkward silence could form
evan carries on with a tour
lydia tells her more about the previous
owner who is the infamous sydney
pearlstein
he was reclusive wealthy and paranoid
and his kids sued each other over the
estate
as it turns out they can't even find
half his money finally they arrive at
the master's bedroom
and immediately meg notices something
off she asks if it was supposed to be
smaller than it should be
impressing evan he notes that she was
the first person to notice as he pushes
the full body mirror
revealing the hidden room behind it with
a completely utilitarian look
that concealed section of the house
serves as a panic room an infallible
safeguard against home invasion
it has concrete walls a buried phone
line separate from the main line
its own ventilation system and an array
of surveillance monitors that watches
nearly every corner of the house
with an uncertain smile meg comments
that the whole thing is making her
nervous
upon meg's inquiry evan explains that
the door is constructed a very thick
steel to keep anyone from prying it open
it has a full battery backup so even if
the power's out they can stay safe there
to demonstrate evan closes the door with
a press of a button trapping the three
of them there
he then opens the door revealing sarah
who's waiting outside
amazed she quickly claims it is her room
and steps inside while meg and lydia
step outside
meg calls the door a hazard so evan
shows her that it operates similarly to
an elevator door with its motion sensors
it won't close if it's blocked even by
just your angles when evan closes the
door again
the mirror door returns to its place
against the wall looking entirely
inconspicuous
despite meg's reluctance the
mother-daughter pair end up moving into
the large and unfurnished manner
meg hooks a phone up and after that they
have pizza for dinner
later meg tucks sarah in bed she tells
her daughter that it's disgusting how
much she loves her before kissing her
forehead and leaving the room
afterward the sorrow-filled woman gets
time to herself in the tub where she
finally lets herself cry
in her bedroom meg gets the surveillance
system running so she can sleep
that very night two men traverse the
house from the front door to the back
until finally
they manage to break through an access
panel the surveillance panel notifies
her that his own has been disabled but
meg remains asleep
one of the invaders named burnham
quietly makes his way downstairs but as
he does
he notices a glowing sticker on top of
an outlet taking him aback
suddenly meg wakes up to drink burnham
continues to search the house
and when he sees sarah a troubled look
crosses his face he then peers into
meg's room
thinking that she's asleep but the woman
is just facing away from him
he heads over to the front door to let
his accomplice junior in
vernon tries to tell him about the
problem they have but manic gum chewing
junior doesn't want to hear it
he dumps his things on the ground then
opens the door for their next accomplice
raul who's wearing a balaclava to
conceal his face burnham quietly demands
to know who raul is but junior assures
him that he's experienced
junior's mood quickly shifts however
when he realizes that someone has moved
into the house
burnham is mad saying that he screwed
him over and they're on videotape
but junior only keeps repeating that meg
and sarah aren't supposed to be there
burnham wants out but junior stops him
still he doesn't want to do the invasion
when there are people there
so he tries to leave meg finally wakes
up again and she goes to the panic room
to turn its lights on before leaving
as for the men they're all caught in
surveillance junior then pulls burnham
aside
he tells him to remember why he's there
and junior stresses that while he wants
the three million dollars in the safe
burnham needs it despite his inward
conflict burnham resigns and instructs
them to kill the phone lines
meg heads to the panic room to shut the
light off and here she finally notices
the three intruders trying to walk up
the stairs as discreetly as they could
still junior ends up knocking sarah's
basketball down by accident
and this is when she fully realizes with
sheer horror that there are intruders in
her home
meg makes a run for it and when the
three see her junior quickly instructs
raul to get the kid from the top floor
while telling burnham to stay put and
not let anyone pass
meg hurriedly takes sarah out of her
room only to find raul they're waiting
for them
he tries to chase them down but they
quickly escape through the elevator
being the calmer one sarah reminds her
mother of the panic room then instructs
her to press the emergency stop
junior notices that they're going back
up so he rushes up the stairs to follow
suit
when junior and roll come close to
finally reaching them meg and sarah make
it to the panic room
junior flips the mattress over in a fit
of rage causing meg's phone to fall off
the bedside
in the panic room meg checks on sarah
asking her if she's shaky or if she has
any chills
when she tries to check sarah's watch
sarah withdraws her arm telling meg not
to worry about her
back downstairs junior is panicking but
burnham comes over to tell him that he
locked the roof access to trap the
altman's there
he then mentions that she couldn't have
hooked the panic room phone up since
she'd have to do it through his company
manhattan security and the paperwork
says the phone still isn't connected
meanwhile meg uses the public address
system to speak with the trio
she bluffs about calling the cops and
when they don't seem phased by her
warning
she tells them to take what they want
and leave with burnham's instruction
junior communicates with them through
papers and he tells them that what they
want is in that room
junior tries to tell her that he'll let
her go but meg ends their conversation
pissing the petulant man off while the
men are drilling and barring the doors
to lock them in
sarah starts to go through the supplies
roughly meg tells her to stop reminding
her of what could happen if she gets
herself worked up
but when sarah doesn't meg raises her
voice at her snapping the girl out of
her erratic trance
suddenly the two hear a noise coming
from below so they both get down on the
ground to listen
on a lower floor raul's trying to break
the ceiling with a sledgehammer while
junior watches
burnham comes in demanding to know what
they're doing and junior tells him
they're coming in from below
disappointed in their idiocy burnham
walks away and this is when he notices
the propane gas sitting outside
after knocking at the walls in the
bedroom burnham heads outside to bring
the propane tank inside
there he manages to connect the supply
to the panic room's ventilation
junior muses about how he thought they
should do something like that then tells
burnham to open the gas
when burnham says that he already opened
it raul coldly instructs him to open it
more though he's a bit taken aback
he tries to remind them that they're
just sending a message insistent and
violent
raul takes burnham's place and releases
more gas into the vent back in the room
meg makes sarah get down on the floor
while she goes to check on the vents
the search of propane hits her face and
she immediately starts coughing
while meg frantically looks through the
supplies sarah finds a small pipe and
immediately calls meg's attention so
they breathe through it
outside burnham reminds junior that they
need them alive to break into the panic
room
so junior snaps at raoul to ease up on
the propane to no avail
meg returns to searching through the
supplies until she eventually finds a
torch
sarah grows apprehensive and she slowly
tries to call out to her but meg makes
her hide under a fireproof blanket
she covers herself in the blanket too
and starts poking the lighter around the
vent
finally meg ignites the gas and large
blue flames blow both her and the men
back the gas tank throttles and spins
from the ignition while junior keeps
screaming to turn it off
with junior's arm and the side of his
face burning burnham quickly covers his
arm with a cloth
later sarah finds a flashlight then
returns to the pipe where she sees their
neighbor across them
sleeping in his room she shines the
flashlight repeatedly to signal for sos
and morse code
meanwhile raul takes a furious junior
downstairs wanting to talk to him in
private
sarah continues with her signals and she
starts getting worked up when the man
still won't get up
meg glances at sarah's glucometer watch
and she notices that her daughter's
sugar level is dropping
at the staircase raul calmly demands a
third of whatever they find in there
frustrated junior just agrees and
congratulates him on the ski mask and
the million dollars
finally the man from across the street
wakes up he walks over to his window to
check the light out but he doesn't seem
to understand what it means
the two get desperate and they start
screaming for help amidst the heavy
downpour of rain
but the man only pulls his blinds down
raul and junior's exchange sends junior
on a tangent
ranting about how all of this is his
idea he claims that he was the only one
who put up with pearl steen and that he
played the part of a loving grandson who
visited him and cared for him every
weekend for two years
while they talk burnham stands by the
doorway listening in on them
when meg looks at the cameras again she
notices that they're not in the bedroom
anymore
she remembers that she left her cell
phone by the bed so meg instructs sarah
to close the door if she doesn't come
back
when burnham goes down the stairs to
interject between the bickering men meg
makes a run for it
she rushes straight to the bedside table
to try and reach for her phone while the
flipped mattress is in the way
unable to find it she gets down on the
ground where she reaches for the phone
under the bed
while doing so she knocks the lamp over
alerting the intruders
finally she grabs hold of the phone then
runs back to the room while the men
quickly make their way back upstairs
with meg safely inside sarah quickly
shuts the door again before the men
could get inside
unfortunately meg doesn't even have a
lick of signal there then
she remembers that she hooked up the
main line so they can cut into it if
they find it
burnham hears a noise from the bedroom
so he starts unscrewing the phone outlet
suddenly he sees the wires disappear as
meg manages to yank them out
cursing vernum hurries downstairs while
the two successfully get a dial tone on
the phone
they dial 9-1-1 but the operator puts
them on hold
given the hectic situation sarah
suggests that meg should call her
ex-husband
so she does while they do burnham finds
the main telephone line and starts
breaking it
meg manages to call stephen but his
girlfriend's the one who answers it
after crudely telling her to put stephen
on the line he picks up the phone
and meg immediately asks for his help
but before she could lay out enough
details
raul comes in to break the distribution
panel with his sledgehammer cutting
meg's line off
at this point meg is in a state of
desperation after briefly losing her
temper meg apologizes but sarah says
sorry back
she tried not to tell her but she
finally admits to her mother that she's
dizzy and hungry
outside junior babbles about giving up
and making an anonymous phone call to
the police to tip them off and find the
safe for them
while talking about how much he'll split
and inherit both burnham and will
realize that there's more than three
million in the safe
burnham follows him mad that he tried
screwing them over after roping them
into the mess
junior reports that he brought this onto
himself since he was blinded by money
because of his custody battle
dismissive as ever jr tries to leave but
raul suddenly shoots his head
make scavenging through the supplies for
anything with sugar when sarah calls her
attention to the surveillance monitors
horrified meg covers sarah's eyes raul
hauls junior's body back inside to shoot
him a second time
this time out of pure spite afterward
rolls walking away from the corpse when
a man suddenly speaks from the front
door
asking what's happening roll points the
gun at him and guides him inside before
aiming at burnham when he approaches the
door
after instructing him to close it and
get back inside raul bashes the man's
face with his gun
vernon tries to stop raul but he only
intimidates him with his weapon
through the man's driver's license they
find out that he's stephen altman
they asked him if he called the cops and
stephen says no raul is confident that
he's telling the truth
arrogantly claiming that people never
lie when he points his gun at them he
proceeds to threaten burnham
with it demanding him to come up with a
way to break into the room on the count
of three
back in the panic room sarah's
enumerating the beatles albums to calm
herself down
suddenly burnham front steven's license
to the camera making meg gasp in terror
this catches sarah's attention and she's
equally frightened as role puts on a
show of beating her father up
burnham tells them to open the door
while steven firmly orders them that
they shouldn't before rojo hits him with
a large light
left with nothing to do meg could only
scream in sheer frustration while rowell
continually kicks steven's already
bloody face
burnham eventually shoves him away then
covers the camera with his jacket
right after the increasingly
apprehensive meg suddenly hears sarah's
glucometer beeping
her daughter starts convulsing as a
seizure hits her and all meg could do is
try and keep her calm
eventually sarah seizure passes and meg
checks the monitors to see burnham
hauling a seemingly unconscious role
down the stairs
meg surrounds her daughter with pillows
then kisses her cheek before leaving the
panic room
she sees steven on the bed unconscious
and she quickly makes her way to sarah's
room
it's revealed however that the balaclava
clad man that burnham was carrying is
actually stephen
while raul is just pretending to be
stephen after grabbing sarah's
medication
meg pushes her fears aside and tries to
make her way back to the master's
bedroom
while returning though she hears
bernaman roll whispering
burnham heads inside the panic room and
a look of remorse and uncertainty
crosses him when he sees sarah shivering
on the ground
meg braves through and makes her way
down the stairs as quietly as she could
she then barges through the door that
raul standing behind making him fall
over
she bolts to the panic room but before
she could get in she and burnham end up
surprising each other
suddenly roll grabs her from behind
making meg drop the medicine pouch
the two struggle with each other until
meg falls back while accidentally
pushing raul into the panic room burnham
quickly closes the door
and as it's sliding to a close meg
hurriedly pushes the medicine pouch
inside while roll gets his hands stuck
between the steel door and the frame
the rolls in extreme pain vernon refuses
to open the door since he thinks that
meg has his gun
meg overhears this so she frantically
grabs raul's gun off the floor
burnham calls out to her saying that he
knows she has the weapon meg runs to a
security panel and speaks through it
demanding him to give sarah her
injection
when he doesn't respond meg shrieks at
him spurring the reluctant man into
action
with an uneasy expression burnham asks
sarah what'll happen if she doesn't get
her shots so the pale
shivering and clearly ill girl tells him
coma and die
finally burnham orders meg to leave the
gun and go downstairs
meg quickly runs down but she refuses to
let the gun go
vernon opens the door so meg tries to
return to the room as quickly as
possible
the door closes again before she could
get there and raul's hand is now free
though he's in excruciating pain he
threatens meg saying he'll kill sarah if
she tries anything that'll jeopardize
them
worn down meg could only agree and
pleads them to just give her the shot
while a now conscious stephen listens to
the exchange through the pa system
back in the panic room burnham has sat
sarah up and propped her against the
wall
while administering her injection
burnham talks about wanting to put his
kids in a place like theirs
then says that things weren't supposed
to go this way slowly recovering
sarah quietly thanks him when burnham
announces that he gave her the shot
meg leaves the bedroom and heads
downstairs she sees steven there
gets taken aback by his bloody state
then asks him if he can move steven
quietly tells her that he thinks his arm
is broken
meanwhile burnham reads his equipment so
he can start trying to break the safe
meg asks stephen to raise his arm then
gives him the gun pained he tells her
not to do anything stupid but makes sure
that they'll kill sarah
suddenly they hear the cops at the front
door and steven reveals that he did call
them since her call scared him
bernam and rahul see all this through
the camera and as raul's starting to
curse the former couple
meg puts a sweater on then signals to a
camera that she'll handle the police
upon opening her door she puts on a
tipsy and sleepy act for the cops
officer kinney does the talking and he
questions her about the call she made to
her husband
meg tries dismissing it coming up with
different lies but kinney isn't buying
it
with a thoughtful look kinney carefully
tells her that she can make a signal
like blinking a couple of times if
there's anything she feels unsafe
telling them about
meg stares at him as if contemplating
her decision before promising keaney
that everything's fine there
the police leaves and burnham gets to
opening the safe using his equipment
while burnham's busy and rolls riding in
pain in a corner meg starts breaking the
cameras with a sledgehammer
sarah watches her and as she does she
hides her injections in her pocket
meg then takes steven who's still in his
chair near one of the windows then gives
a lamp for him to hold
burnham eventually manages to open the
safe and there they find 22 bank bonds
amounting to 22 million
he hides the bonds in his jacket then
assures sarah that she's going to be
okay
the three leave the panic room with roll
keeping a hold on sarah's shirt
burnham tries opening the doors only to
realize that they're all locked
they eventually make their way
downstairs but before they could go
further
stephen suddenly shines the light on
them his gun pointed at burnham
raul quickly takes sarah with him to
hide behind a wall and the bloody
still sitting man simply tells them to
let his daughter go raul shows himself
to steven but still refuses to let sarah
go
on the other hand meg slowly and
silently comes up from a room behind
them a sledgehammer still in hand
when sarah sees her she immediately
moves away from raul so meg can hit him
with a hammer
making him fall down the stairs burnham
runs away and he quickly escapes
despite his injuries role still manages
to get up the stairs
due to his limited mobility stephen
keeps missing his shots and raul manages
to tackle meg down
he proceeds to suck steven in the face
knocking him off his chair and making
him drop his gun
steven screams and burnham hears him
while trying to leave the property
making him stop in his tracks and look
back
with his legs practically out of
commission roll grabs the sledgehammer
and uses it to support himself until he
can grab megan get on top of her
they both struggle with meg desperately
intercepting raul's attempts to strangle
her
raul then slams meg's head against the
floor almost taking her out
so sarah jumps on the man repeatedly
stabbing him with her syringe to get him
off her mother
barely faced raul punches sarah's face
knocking her back to the fireplace
sarah could only scream and scream when
raul grabs the sledgehammer
meg regains consciousness again with
raul on the brink of breaking her face
but before he could burnham shoots him
in the head killing the cruel man once
and for all
after promising sarah that she'll be
okay burnham leaves the gun and escapes
once more into the rainy yard
just as he does sirens blair and the
swat team barges into the house with
officer sweeney there
though burnham comes close to escaping
he gets surrounded by the swap members
demanding him to move away from the
fence
birnam does is instructed then gets on
his knees with the bank bonds in his
hand
when the officer orders him to open his
palms burnham has a hopeless look on his
face as he obliges
the bonds scatter in the wind looking no
different from useless scraps of paper
time passes and meg and sarah are on a
park bench with sarah lying on her
mother's lap
together they look through the newspaper
for a new place to live
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching